.TH "XPANIC" "1"
.SH NAME
xpanic \- popup every now and again and relax you
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xpanic
[
.BI "\-scale " factor
] [
.BI "\-delay " msecs
] [
.BI "\-sleep " secs
] [
.BI "\-geometry +" xoff "+" yoff
] [
.B "\-root"
] [
.B "\-random"
] [
.BI "\-boo " factor
] [
.BI "\-display " display
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Xpanic
is an X client that pops up a window every now and again with a
soothing message or picture to make you relax.
.SH OPTIONS
The following options can be given either on the command line as
indicated or in the resource database (omitting the dash; the program
has name
.B xpanic
and class
.BR XPanic ")."
.TP
.BI "\-scale " factor
scale factor for the window size (default is 1.0).
.TP
.BI "\-delay " msecs
millisecond delay between flashes (default is 150).
.TP
.BI "\-sleep " secs
average seconds that the window goes away for (default is 300).
.TP
.BI "\-uptime " secs
number of seconds window is there for (default is 3.0).
.TP
.BI "\-geometry +" xoff "+" yoff
location of the window (default is +100+100).
.TP
.B "\-root"
runs on the screen background (default is to run as separate window).
.TP
.B "\-random"
pop up at random locations (default is to always appear at same location).
.TP
.BI "\-boo " factor
proportion of smiley green ball pictures to don't panic messages
(default is 0.5, giving half of each)
.TP
.BI "\-display " display
relax user on specified display.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.IP HOME
Home directory used to locate
.I ".Xdefaults"
file.
.IP DISPLAY
Default display.
.SH FILES
.IP ".Xdefaults"
Merged with the resource database.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Robin Humble,
.IR rjh@pixel.maths.monash.edu.au .
